new card what do you think very nice yes
Patrick
do you like to accompany me to dinner
Sabrina why don't you dance a little
Christy get down on your knees we're not
through yet that's a wonderful suit
look so soft I don't think I can control
myself if you say something bad won't
happen
I feel lethal on the verge of frenzy I
think my mask of sanity is about to slip
[Applause]
[Music]
do you have any witnesses or
fingerprints actually yes hmm I know my
behavior can be erratic sometimes so
what do you do I mean - well murders and
executions mostly I have all the
characteristics of a human being but not
a single clear identifiable emotion I
simply am NOT THERE a lot of people
[Music]